update changelog (#688)
personium/personium-core: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.8.3

> **Warning**  
> This release contains breaking changes.

IMPROVEMENTS:
* Change the hash algorithm of signing XML signature from SHA-1 to SHA-256. ([#687](https://github.com/personium/personium-core/pull/687))

>   * From this version on, tokens issued by the Unit are not compatible with Unit in prior version. For detail, refer to [personium-lib-common#117](https://github.com/personium/personium-lib-common/pull/117).

Author: ```suggestion
  * From this version on, tokens issued by the Unit are not compatible with Unit in prior version. For details, refer to [personium-lib-common#117](https://github.com/personium/personium-lib-common/pull/117).
```

>   * From this version, tokens issued by newer version are not compatible with Unit in prior version. For detail, prefer to [personium-lib-common#117](https://github.com/personium/personium-lib-common/pull/117).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * From this version on, tokens issued by the Unit are not compatible with Unit in prior version. For detail, prefer to [personium-lib-common#117](https://github.com/personium/personium-lib-common/pull/117).
```
